Doc.Ti=GENERAL PURCHASING AGREEMENT

Why.1.sec=(A)	Customer is {}.

Why.2.sec=(B)	Supplier has {}.

Why.3.sec=(C)	The Parties wish to enter into a general purchasing agreement (the Agreement) setting forth their rights and obligations in respect of the full Product lifecycle, consisting of ordering, packaging, delivery of Products (Chapter I), various matters relating to quality assurance, continuity in supply and obsolescence of Products (Chapter II), the Parties’ relationship and supply chain related aspects (Chapter III), Product Development, Statements of Work, specification and change orders, acceptance testing, and project execution and completion (Chapter IV), Intellectual Property and Know-How protection (Chapter V), and matters related to compliance and export regulations (Chapter VI), {as well as the provision of related Services}.

Why.=[Z/paras/s3]

Capitalised terms used in this Agreement are defined in Article 40.

Note=hazardj - again ignoring the "Chapter" organization.

CHAPTER I.Ti=PRODUCT SUPPLY

1.Ti=SCOPE AND PRODUCTS

1.1.Ti=Framework agreement

1.1.sec=This Agreement constitutes a framework agreement setting forth the rights and obligations of the Parties or their respective Affiliates in respect of the development, manufacturing, sale and delivery of Products {Optional: and the provision of Services}. Customer and its Affiliates may purchase Products from Supplier and its Affiliates and, accordingly, Supplier or its Affiliate shall sell and deliver such Products, subject to this Agreement.

1.2.Ti=Applicability of this Agreement

1.2.sec=A Purchase Order accepted by Supplier or an Affiliate of it shall establish a direct contractual relationship between Customer or an Affiliate of it on the one hand and Supplier or such Affiliate on the other, subject to this Agreement. This Agreement applies to each accepted Purchase Order and to all Services provided by Supplier or its Affiliate to Customer or its Affiliate, including in case of a failing reference to this Agreement in the Purchase Order.

1.3.Ti=Framework only. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed as an obligation of Customer or its Affiliates to issue any Purchase Order or as any minimum order commitment for either of them.

1.4.Ti=Software. Any software embedded in the Products, supportive to the initialisation, configuration or operation of a Product, or otherwise provided in connection with Products is subject to Annex 3.

1.5.Ti=[Optional: No unapproved components or production facilities. Supplier shall not use components, materials, technologies or processes other than those in the approved Milestones or Products (regardless of whether it affects form, fit, function or interchangeability) without Customer’s prior written approval. After Customer has accepted a Milestone or other deliverable in order to qualify as ‘Products’, Supplier shall not modify, and shall procure that none of its subcontractors shall modify, the Product, production processes or production facilities approved by Customer without Customer’s prior written approval. Upon Customer’s approval, Supplier shall provide Customer as soon as possible with an updated version of the documentation, at Supplier’s costs.

2.Ti=ORDERING PROCEDURE AND PURCHASE ORDERS

2.1.Ti=PO required. Notwithstanding the provision of any forecast or indication of any desired or anticipated production capacity availability, Customer shall not be required or bound to purchase or accept any Products from Supplier, unless Customer has issued a Purchase Order in respect of such Product.

2.2.Ti=PO acceptance. A Purchase Order shall be deemed to be accepted by Supplier within the period permitted for acceptance as specified in the Purchase Order, and failing such specification within ten working days after issuance of the Purchase Order.

2.3.Ti=Rescheduling or cancelling POs. Customer may modify, reschedule or cancel, in whole or in part, a confirmed Purchase Order, without liability to Supplier, by notifying Supplier ultimately {14 days} prior to the original Delivery Date. In case of rescheduling of an accepted Purchase Order, Supplier shall make best efforts to accommodate such request.

2.4.Ti=Lead time optimisation. Supplier shall continuously make best efforts to shorten its manufacturing and delivery lead times, including of its suppliers and subcontractors, and improve the flexibility of order and delivery terms.

Note=[Optional:

2.5.Ti=Long Lead Time Components

2.5.0.secIn respect of components or materials for which Supplier is bound to manufacturing or delivery lead times exceeding the minimum or agreed lead time for the Products (Long Lead Time Components), the following applies:

2.5.1.sec=Supplier shall use best efforts to reduce the lead times for Long Lead Time Components;

.2.sec=based on the submitted Purchase Orders, Supplier shall be entitled to order Long Lead Time Components as may be necessary to manufacture and deliver any forecasted quantities, taking into account the shortest lead time accepted by the relevant supplier; and

.3.sec=Supplier shall at all times use best efforts to minimize the risk of obsolete stock of Long Lead Time Components by taking into account without undue delay any fluctuations in the quantities of ordered Products when submitting orders of Long Lead Time Components.

2.5.00.sec=If Customer cancels its Purchase Orders such that Supplier’s ordered quantities of Long Lead Time Components exceed the quantities necessary to manufacture and deliver the non-cancelled quantities of Products, the Parties shall make best efforts to cancel or reallocate any ordered quantities of Long Lead Time Components at the lowest costs reasonably possible. Any Long Lead Time Components not used by way of orders for Products at the originally forecasted time shall be for the account and risk of Customer and, subject to Customer’s prior approval, may be invoiced by Supplier to Customer.

2.6.Ti=General terms and conditions do not apply. Without prejudice to Section 40.6, any standard terms of purchase or other general conditions printed on or referred to in any order-related document shall not apply to the delivery of a Product or provision of Services, except to the extent that they specify information required to be communicated by either Party.

3.Ti=PACKAGING, TRANSPORTATION AND STORAGE

3.1.Ti=General obligation. Supplier shall package and store the Products as {economically,} safely and carefully as possible and in such a manner that shipment can be properly and adequately handled during transportation and delivery.

3.2.Ti=Sustainable packaging. Supplier shall use neutral packaging materials without printing as much as possible, and encourage reuse of packaging materials. Packaging materials shall be suitable for reuse or recycling.

3.3.Ti=Packaging and storage. All packaging and packaging materials shall be in conformity with the requirements of the Purchase Order, the Specifications, any applicable requirements of the carrier, and the applicable laws and regulations of the countries of despatch and destination. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, Supplier shall:

.1.sec=properly pack and secure all Products so as to reach their destination in undamaged condition;

.2.sec=decontaminate all Products despatched from outside the European Union, which contain wooden packaging materials (e.g. pallets, crates) in accordance with mandatory EU regulation;

.3.sec=procure that (i) all Products containing any hazardous substances at all times during transportation comply with all applicable legislation concerning carriage of dangerous goods by road, sea, inland waterways and rail and IATA regulations for airfreight, and (ii) the carrier possesses all required hazard documents;

.4.sec=despatch or ship all Products with all documentation and certificates required by applicable laws and regulations.

The provisions of this Section 3.3 apply mutatis mutandis to any storage and warehousing arranged by Supplier in connection with the delivery of Products.

3.4.Ti=Package marking and labelling. Supplier shall:

.1.sec=mark the packages of Product in conformity with the requirements of the Specifications, Purchase Order and any applicable requirements of the carrier;

.2.sec=mark the packages of Product with all required or appropriate warning and storage-handling labels;

.3.sec=mark or label each shipment with the Customer Purchase Order number and number of packages, as well as with the correct details of the delivery address (and office or plant building);

.4.sec=prominently display on the outside of the container or package a packing list with the contents of the shipment;

.5.sec=prominently display the following information (required by export and import regulations) on all delivery documentation: (i) the export licences obtained in respect of the Products, (ii) any other relevant information relating to such licences, and (iii) any export control regulations applicable to the Products, and the restrictions to be applied; and

.6.sec=mark all containers, packing and wrappings that are expected to be returned to it as such. 

Customer has the right to reject deliveries that do not comply with these requirements or any other specifications detailed in this Agreement or a Purchase Order. Notwithstanding paragraph (f), Customer is not obliged to return any packages, except if the Parties agree otherwise or if Supplier, prior to delivery, agrees to reimburse Customer’s expenses.

3.5.Ti=Transport documentation. Notwithstanding Sections 3.3 and 3.4, Supplier shall provide Customer separately with complete and adequate documentation about the Products, including handling and storage instructions, forwarding documents, all written data relating to relevant governmental regulations, such as data regarding the safe handling, storage, usage and disposal of the Products in the country specified by Customer, and, at the request of Customer, a Certificate of Conformity.

3.6.Ti=Delivery acceptance instructions. Prior to or upon delivery, Supplier shall provide Customer with all instructions and other information required to enable Customer to store, handle and accept delivery of the Products {Optional: or the Services}.

4.Ti=DELIVERY AND PASSING OF OWNERSHIP

4.1.Ti=Delivery date. Supplier shall deliver the Product on the delivery date specified in the Purchase Order (the Delivery Date).

4.2.Ti=Incoterm. Unless specifically agreed otherwise in writing, Supplier shall deliver Products {DDP} at the named place of delivery indicated on the Purchase Order, in accordance with the Incoterms in force on the date of acceptance of the Purchase Order.

4.3.Ti=Ownership and risk. Ownership of the Products shall pass to Customer at the same time the risk transfers to Customer in accordance with the applicable Incoterm. Risk of loss of Products shall pass to Customer in accordance with the applicable Incoterm.

4.4.Ti=Partial deliveries. A partial delivery of Products requires prior written approval of Customer. Any additional costs shall be at Supplier’s expense, unless Customer requested the partial delivery.

4.5.Ti=Notice of delay. Supplier shall promptly inform Customer if circumstances occur that may reasonably prevent it from delivering the Product on the Delivery Date. If the probable delay is greater than ten days from the Delivery Date, Customer shall have the option, at its sole discretion, to either extend the time of delivery or performance, or to terminate the Purchase Order at no costs to Customer.

4.6.Ti=[Optional: Relocation or dual supply. Notwithstanding Section 38.7, if Customer decides to relocate the manufacturing and purchasing of Products, or part of it, to its own organisation or to another Supplier for reasons other than provided in Article 20, Customer shall reimburse Supplier for inventories and non-cancellable supply chain commitments which Supplier can prove it has reasonably and properly incurred until the notice of termination.

Supplier shall continuously make best efforts to mitigate the related costs of inventory and cancellation Customer would assume in connection with such (partial) relocation. The amount of this compensation shall not exceed the total amount of the relevant Purchase Order. If Customer and Supplier cannot agree on the amount to be paid for the incurred expenses, an independent auditor shall determine the amount.

5.Ti=FORCE MAJEURE

5.1.Ti=Notification of Force Majeure. A Party prevented from fulfilling its obligations duly and timely by an event of Force Majeure (a Subjected Party) shall inform the other Party (the Impinged Party) promptly, both orally and in writing, specifying the cause of Force Majeure and how it may affect its performance, including a good faith best estimate of the likely scope and duration of interference with its obligations. The Subjected Party shall make best efforts to terminate or avoid as soon as practicable the Force Majeure circumstances.

5.2.Ti=Effects. The Impinged Party shall be released from performing any of its obligations for the duration of the Force Majeure event. The Parties shall consult with each other in order to minimise all damages, costs and possible other negative effects. Sections 13.1(a) and 13.1(b) apply mutatis mutandis to an event of Force Majeure. Furthermore, if an event of Force Majeure continues for more than {90 days} and no adequate remedial solution can be agreed upon within 15 days thereafter, the Impinged Party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement or any Purchase Order or part of a Purchase Order, with immediate effect and without liability to the Subjected Party. Upon remediation of the Force Majeure event, the Subjected Party shall promptly resume performance on all Purchase Orders which have not been terminated.

Note=hazardj - had to make a new gadget bz the [Z/Alt/...] things change only the content ("sec") of a section ("Sec").  So Ti is constant.  Discuss.

6.Alt1.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/6/Alt1.md]

6.Alt2.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/6/Alt2.md]

6.Sec=Choose: <ul><li>{6.Alt1.Sec}</li><li>{6.Alt2.Sec}</li></ul>

7.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/7/0.md]

7.Xnum=7

8.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/8/0.md]

8.Xnum=8

CHAPTER II.	PRODUCT QUALITY

9.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/9/0.md]

9.Xnum=9

10.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/10/0.md]

10.Xnum=10

11.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/11/0.md]

11.Xnum=11

12.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/12/0.md]

12.Xnum=12

13.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/13/0.md]

13.Xnum=13

14.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/14/0.md]

14.Xnum=14

CHAPTER III.	RELATIONSHIP AND SUPPLY CHAIN

15.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/15/0.md]

15.Xnum=15

16.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/16/0.md]

16.Xnum=16


17.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/17/0.md]

17.Xnum=17

18.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/18/0.md]

18.Xnum=18

Note=[OPTIONAL: 

19.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/19/0.md]

19.Xnum=19

20.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/20/0.md]

20.Xnum=20


CHAPTER IV.	PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

21.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/21/0.md]

21.Xnum=21

22.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/22/0.md]

22.Xnum=22

23.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/23/0.md]

23.Xnum=23

24.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/24/0.md]

24.Xnum=24

25.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/25/0.md]

25.Xnum=25

26.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/26/0.md]

26.Xnum=26

Note=Optional

27.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/27/0.md]

27.Xnum=27


CHAPTER V.	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

28.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/28/0.md]

28.Xnum=28

29.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/29/0.md]

29.Xnum=29

Note=30 [OPTIONAL:

30.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/30/0.md]

30.Xnum=30


31.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/31/0.md]

31.Xnum=31

CHAPTER VI.	CSR, QUALITY ASSURANCE AND COMPLIANCE


32.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/32/0.md]

32.Xnum=32

33.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/33/0.md]

33.Xnum=33

34.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/34/0.md]

34.Xnum=34

35.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/35/0.md]

35.Xnum=35

36.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/36/0.md]

36.Xnum=36

37.Xnum=37

37.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/37/0.md]

CHAPTER VII.	MISCELLANEOUS AND INTERPRETATION

38.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/38/0.md]

38.Xnum=38

39.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/39/0.md]

39.Xnum=39

40.=[GH/Paris2/WeAgree/06_General-Purchasing/Sec/40/0.md]

=[Z/Agt/EN/0.md]

=[Z/ol/40]

THUS, this Agreement was signed in two counterparts.

	





