Doc.Ti=Technology Escrow Agreement

 (the Agreement) is entered into on [],

Note=Need three persons.  Need to define "Parties" as just two of them.  I established the "Friend.Div" notion.  Explore.  

Customer and Supplier are collectively referred to as the Parties and also individually as a Party.

Why.1.sec=(A)	Supplier and Customer entered into a [_____] agreement dated [_____] for the licensing by Supplier to Customer of software, including any updates and upgrades pursuant to a related maintenance and support arrangement, as further specified in that agreement (the source code of such software, the [Source Code], and the agreement, the Principal Agreement).

Why.2.sec=(B)	Supplier is the owner of intellectual property rights, know how and other rights in technical information and documentation relating to the [Source Code]. In the event of certain exceptional circumstances, including a bankruptcy or insolvency of Supplier, Supplier is willing to have delivered to Customer the technical information and documentation related to the [Source Code].

Why.3.sec=(C)	Customer and Supplier wish to appoint the Escrow Agent to serve as an independent third party custodian and the Escrow Agent is willing to act accordingly.

Why.4.sec=(D)	The Parties and the Escrow Agent wish to enter into this Agreement in order to grant appropriate power and authority to the Escrow Agent and to establish the terms and conditions for delivery and release of the Materials.


1.Ti=INTERPRETATION

1.1.Ti=Definitions. In this Agreement:

1.1.1.sec=Changes means all modifications, updates, corrections and new versions of the [Source Code] provided or to be provided by Supplier to Customer pursuant to the Principal Agreement or any supplementary agreements or amendments thereto, including a copy of the latest deposited version of the Escrow Data.

1.1.2.sec=Escrow Data means all technical information, including technical drawings, documentation related to the [Source Code] and any Changes from time to time.

1.1.3.sec=Materials means the data carriers in the form of paper or electronic media, containing a copy of the Escrow Data.

1.1.4.sec=Principal Agreement has the meaning ascribed to it in Recital (A).

1.1.5.sec=[Source Code] has the meaning ascribed to it in Recital (A).

1.1.6.sec=Triggering Event means any of the events enumerated in Section 6.2 and 6.3, as the case may be.


1.2.Ti=Interpretation

1.2.0.sec=Except as otherwise defined, in this Agreement references to:

1.2.1.sec=a communication in writing include e-mail and electronic messages accessible and printable by commonly used software applications;

1.2.2.sec=Articles, Sections, Schedules and Annexes are references to articles and sections of and schedules and annexes to this Agreement.

1.3.Ti=Schedules and priority

1.3.sec=The Schedules and Annexes are an integral part of this Agreement and references to this Agreement shall include its Schedules and Annexes. In the event of any ambiguity or inconsistency between the provisions of a Schedule or an Annex and in the body of this Agreement, the latter shall prevail.

2.Ti=DEPOSIT OF THE MATERIAL AND CHANGES

2.1.Ti=First deposit

2.1.sec={2.1.1.sec}, {2.1.2.sec}. 

2.1.1.Alt1.sec=On or before 

2.1.1.Alt2.sec=Within  days of  as defined in the Principal Agreement

2.1.1.Alt3.sec=Upon first demand by Customer

2.1.1.=[Z/Alt/3]

2.1.2.sec=, Supplier shall deliver all the Materials to the Escrow Agent, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

2.2.Ti=Changes

2.2.0.sec=In case of Changes, Supplier shall:

2.2.1.sec=promptly after completion of the Change, notify Customer of the Change, with a copy to the Escrow Agent, indicating the intended date of delivery to (and as approved by) the Escrow Agent and giving Customer a reasonable opportunity of no less than 30 days to attend such delivery for a review in accordance with Article 3;

2.2.2.sec=adequately include or embed the Changes in the Escrow Data; and

2.2.3.sec=as instructed by Customer pursuant to the notification, deliver the Material containing the Changes in accordance with Article 3 to the Escrow Agent.

2.3.Ti=Ownership media

2.3.sec=Upon each delivery of any Materials to the Escrow Agent, such delivery shall be deemed to be an irrevocable transfer of ownership of that Material (but not of the Escrow Data on or in such Material) to Customer subject to the condition that a Triggering Event occurs. Supplier shall be entitled to replace the Material from time to time pursuant to Section 2.2.

2.4.Ti=Acceptance of delivery

2.4.sec=The Escrow Agent hereby undertakes to accept each delivery pursuant to Section 2.1 or 2.2, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

2.5.Ti=Title of the Escrow Agent

2.5.sec=The Escrow Agent shall only keep the Material in accordance with this Agreement. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, the Escrow Agent shall not fully or partly sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, encumber, surrender or grant access to any Material or any Escrow Data or use the Material or the Escrow Data (or allow its use) in any other way.

3.Ti=REVIEW AND VERIFICATION OF MATERIALS AND CHANGES

Note=[Option : 

3.1.Ti=Review

3.1.sec={3.1.1.sec} {3.1.2.sec} {3.1.3.sec} {3.1.4.sec} {3.1.5.sec}. 

3.1.1.sec=Supplier shall review the technical information and documentation 

3.1.2.Alt1.sec=in the presence of Customer or a representative of Customer

3.1.2.Alt2.sec=in the presence of the Escrow Agent

3.1.2.SecName=3.1.2

3.1.2.=[Z/Alt/2]

3.1.3.sec=and demonstrate

3.1.4.Alt1.sec=to the satisfaction of Customer (or the representative)

3.1.4.Alt2.sec=to the Escrow Agent

3.1.4.Alt3.sec=</i>

3.1.4.SecName=3.1.4

3.1.4.=[Z/Alt/3]

3.1.5.sec=that the technical information and documentation relates to the [Source Code] and is in all material respects complete

3.2.Ti=Actions on delivery

3.2.0.Alt1.sec=Subsequently, in the presence of the Customer or a representative of Customer and Supplier:

3.2.0.Alt2.sec=Subsequently:

3.2.1.sec=the technical information and documentation shall be stored on one or more appropriate data carriers; and

3.2.2.1.sec=Customer shall be entitled to verify that the technical information and documentation have been stored and that each data carrier is readable or, in case of electronic storage, machine readable by use of a commonly deployed software application

3.2.2.2.sec=and Supplier or the Escrow Agent shall seal the Material and the Escrow Agent shall sign the seal

3.2.2.Alt1.sec={3.2.2.1.sec}, {3.2.2.2.sec}.

3.2.2.Alt2.sec={3.2.2.1.sec}.

3.2.2.SecName=3.2.2

3.2.2.=[Z/Alt/2]

3.2.=[Z/ol/2]

3.3.Ti=Written confirmation

3.3.sec=In connection with the review in Section 3.1, Supplier shall provide Customer a written statement confirming that the Escrow Data on the Material are the technical information and documentation that relate to the [Source Code], and are in all material respects complete. After signature of acceptance by Customer, Supplier shall deliver a copy of the statement to the Escrow Agent, together with the Material.

3.4.Ti=Remedies

3.4.sec=If the review described in Section 3.1 reveals that the Material does not relate to or fails in any material respect to include any critical elements of the [Source Code] (a) within 14 days after the review Supplier shall remedy such discrepancy and any failure, following which the review described in Section 3.1 shall be carried out again, and (b) the costs of such reviews shall be borne by Supplier. If the initial review in connection with each deposit does not reveal a discrepancy or failure, the costs of the review shall be borne by Customer.

3.5.Ti=Changes

3.5.sec=This Article 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deposit of all Changes.

3.=[Z/ol/5]

4.Ti=RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ESCROW AGENT

4.1.Ti=General duties

4.1.0.sec=The Escrow Agent undertakes to perform only such duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Escrow Agent shall:

4.1.1.sec=store the Material diligently and observe due care in respect of the Material.

4.1.2.sec=only be entitled to break the seal of any deposited Material in case of a Triggering Event.

4.1.3.sec=confirm each receipt of Material to Customer and Supplier, stating the date of delivery.

4.1.4.sec=upon completion of a delivery of Material in case of Changes, return to Supplier the Material last delivered to it by Supplier or destroy it, unless Supplier objects to its destruction in writing within ten days after the delivery. In that case, the Escrow Agent shall also keep the original Material.

4.2.Ti=Liability

4.2.sec=The Escrow Agent’s liability in respect of Customer and Supplier is limited to the fee paid to the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Agreement during the 12 months preceding an event that caused any damages.

4.3.Ti=No warranties by Escrow Agent

4.3.sec=The Escrow Agent shall at no time be required to make any statement or warranty as regards the Escrow Data or the Material, except to the extent it relates to the exterior form of the Material. The Escrow Agent disclaims all liability for any Escrow Data being present or readable on any Material. The Escrow Agent disclaims that the Material is suitable or adequate for the purposes of this Agreement and that the Material shall not be affected by the passing of time, (atmospheric) circumstances or any other circumstances.

4.4.Ti=Indemnity

4.4.sec=Supplier shall indemnify the Escrow Agent and each of its representatives and employees against any liabilities, including any expenses incurred in enforcing its right to indemnification under this Agreement. This Section 4.5 shall survive any resignation of the Escrow Agent or a termination of this Agreement.

4.5.Ti=Costs and expenses

4.5.sec=All costs, whether in legal proceedings or otherwise, incurred by the Escrow Agent as a result of a breach of any obligation under this Agreement by one Party shall be borne by that Party. If such costs are a result of a breach of any obligation under this Agreement by both other Parties, each of those other Parties shall be jointly and severally liable for reimbursement of these costs.

5.Ti=EMERGENCY COPIES AND UPDATES

5.1.Ti=Backup copy

5.1.sec=Supplier shall keep an accurate backup copy of all the Escrow Data (adequately reflecting all Changes).

5.2.Ti=Perishments

5.2.sec=If the Material deposited at the Escrow Agent has for any reason partly or wholly perished or if the Escrow Agent has reason to believe that the Material has possibly become unreliable for any reason, then upon first request of the Escrow Agent or upon the reasonable request of Customer, Supplier shall deliver to the Escrow Agent new Material or a new data carrier or carriers with Changes pursuant to Articles 2 and 3.

6.Ti=RELEASE OF THE MATERIALS

6.1.Ti=Prohibited releases

6.1.sec=The Escrow Agent shall not release the Material to any person (including another Party) other than in accordance with this Article 6. No Party shall be entitled to issue a release notice after another Party has given a release notice pursuant to this Article 6.

6.2.Ti=Release to Customer

6.2.0.sec=The Escrow Agent shall release the Materials to Customer immediately:

6.2.1.sec=upon receipt of a joint written instruction to that effect from Supplier and Customer, stating the deposit code and date.

6.2.2.sec=upon receipt of a notice that Supplier shall be dissolved or liquidated, is declared bankrupt or otherwise insolvent pursuant to the laws and regulations of a jurisdiction to which Supplier is subject.

Note=[Optional  : 

Note=hazardj:  This is an odd structure - a separate, unnumbered paragraph in the list.  The reason is clear - the second paragraph expands on the first.  But the format seems awkward.  Have handled using the /paras/ widget.

6.2.3.1.sec=in case Supplier is in material breach of its obligations arising from the Principal Agreement, upon receipt of a copy of Customer’s notice of default to Supplier, provided that if the Escrow Agent deems that such breach was capable of being remedied, also a reasonable term for remedy permitted in such notice has expired.

6.2.3.2.0.sec=The Escrow Agent may deem:

6.2.3.2.1.sec=a breach by Supplier to be “material” if, in connection with the software based on the [Source Code], Supplier failed to provide (X) support ordered by Customer within the period specified in a purchase order, or (Y) services strictly in accordance with the agreed specifications, as stated in the notice of default.

6.2.3.2.2.sec=a period for remedy any breach to be “reasonable” if it is no less than 30 days.

6.2.3.2.=[Z/ol/s2]

6.2.3.=[Z/paras/s2]

6.2.4.sec=in case of a court judgment that has become final and conclusive or has become provisionally enforceable, to the effect that the Escrow Agent is obliged to deliver the Material to Customer.

6.2.=[Z/ol/s4]

6.3.Ti=Release to Supplier

6.3.0.sec=The Escrow Agent shall deliver the Material to Supplier:

6.3.1.sec=upon receipt of a joint written instruction to that effect from Supplier and Customer, stating the deposit code and the date;

6.3.2.sec=upon receipt of a notice that Customer shall be dissolved or liquidated, is declared bankrupt or otherwise insolvent pursuant to the laws and regulations of a jurisdiction to which Customer is subject;

6.3.3.sec=in case of a court judgment that has become final and conclusive or has become provisionally enforceable, to the effect that the Escrow Agent is obliged to deliver the Material to Supplier;

6.3.4.sec=in case of termination of this Agreement.

6.3.=[Z/ol/s4]

6.4.Ti=Notification of release notice

6.4.sec=The Escrow Agent shall immediately notify the other Party in writing of a Party requesting delivery pursuant to Section 6.2 or 6.3, as the case may be.

6.5.Ti=No notice if reason for bankruptcy

6.5.sec=Customer may not exercise its rights under Section 6.2(b) in case the bankruptcy or insolvency of Supplier is directly and solely related to Customer’s breach of its obligations pursuant to the Principal Agreement, which breach is not justified by a breach of Supplier or an event of force majeure.

6.=[Z/ol/5]

7.Ti=INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

7.1.Ti=General warranty

7.1.sec=Supplier warrants that the Material comprises all documentation, know how and technical information relating to the [Source Code]. Notwithstanding Customer’s right to review and verify, Supplier warrants that the Material and Escrow Data are delivered to the Escrow Agent in such a manner that they can be used by skilled personnel to manufacture, maintain and further develop the [Source Code] relatively easy.

7.2.Ti=Post transfer rights

7.2.sec=Upon a transfer to Customer in accordance with Section 6.2, Customer shall have the right to: (a) use the Material and the Escrow Data only for the purpose of manufacturing new [Source Code] and conducting any maintenance activities with respect to the [Source Code] (including correcting errors and improving and otherwise creating derivative works of the [Source Code]), and (b) engage third parties for any part of such manufacturing and maintenance activities, provided that it imposes strict confidentiality obligations upon these third parties.

7.3.Ti=No transfer

7.3.sec=Without prejudice to the limited license granted in Section 7.2, this Agreement does not and shall not be interpreted to establish any assignment or transfer of any intellectual property rights in respect of the [Source Code].

8.Ti=COSTS OF DEPOSIT

8.1.Ti=Escrow rates

8.1.0.sec=Customer shall bear the costs related to the services provided by the Escrow Agent, as follows:

8.1.1.sec=upon execution of this Agreement, an amount of EUR [_____].

8.1.2.sec=becoming due as of [1 January of each calendar year][the anniversary of the first deposit], an annual amount of EUR [_____] (the current calendar year is included in the amount referred to under (a)).

8.1.3.sec=upon a delivery of the Material pursuant to Article 6, the costs charged by the Escrow Agent for such delivery.

8.2.Ti=Invoices Escrow Agent

8.2.sec=The Escrow Agent shall invoice Customer for the payments falling due under Section 8.1. The invoice shall be addressed to the address indicated by Customer, refer to this Agreement and to the Principal Agreement, and shall be paid by Customer within [60 days after the end of the month in which the invoice was issued].

8.3.Ti=Fee increases

8.3.sec=The Escrow Agent may increase the amounts under Section 8.1 after prior written notice to Supplier and Customer, to the extent that the activities or costs incurred by the Escrow Agent reasonably give rise to such increase.

8.4.Ti=Taxes

8.4.0.sec=Unless clearly and specifically agreed otherwise:

8.4.1.sec=all amounts falling due under this Agreement are gross amounts and exclusive of any value added tax (VAT), except as may be agreed by the Parties otherwise.

8.4.2.sec=if any payment under this Agreement is subject to any applicable VAT, the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to charge such tax to Customer, which shall be paid by Customer in addition to the amounts pursuant to Section 8.1. VAT shall be invoiced additionally and must be specified separately on each invoice.

8.5.Ti=Other costs

8.5.sec=The costs involved in producing the Materials and other data carriers provided to the Escrow Agent, as well as the cost related to sending of such data carriers to the Escrow Agent shall be for the account of Supplier.

8.6.Ti=Effect of termination

8.6.sec=Upon termination of this Agreement, the Escrow Agent shall not be obliged to reimburse any amounts already paid by a Party under this Agreement.

9.Ti=TERM AND TERMINATION

9.1.Ti=Indefinite term

9.1.sec=This Agreement is entered into for an indefinite period of time.

9.2.Ti=Termination right Customer

9.2.sec=Customer is entitled to terminate this Agreement by giving Supplier and the Escrow Agent a 30 days written notice. Supplier hereby waives its rights, if any, to (partly) terminate, annul, rescind or dissolve this Agreement and agrees not to request a (partial) annulment, rescission, dissolution or cancellation of this Agreement.

9.3.Ti=Termination by the Escrow Agent

9.3.sec=If the Escrow Agent intends to terminate, annul, rescind or dissolve this Agreement, it shall first give written notice to the other Parties of such intention and propose a successor in title, reasonably acceptable to the other Parties. The Escrow Agent shall not terminate, annul, rescind or dissolve this Agreement, unless the Parties have agreed on a successor of the Escrow Agent (and such successor having agreed to the succession-in-title).

9.4.Ti=Termination upon release

9.4.sec=This Agreement shall terminate upon the Escrow Agent delivering the Material to Customer or Supplier in accordance with Article 6.

10.Ti=MISCELLANEOUS

10.1.Ti=Assignment

10.1.sec=Neither Party shall assign or transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement in whole or in part without the prior written consent of the other Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 

10.2.Ti=Amendments

10.2.sec=No amendment of this Agreement shall be binding upon either Party, unless it is in writing and duly signed by both Parties.

11.Ti=APPLICABLE LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

11.1.Ti=Applicable law

11.1.sec=This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Netherlands. 

11.2.Ti=Jurisdiction

11.2.sec=Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be referred to the competent courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 

=[Z/ol/11]